hi chyvak and if you still have not played
were born then less about than with you
Reborn is a bunch of talk
interesting stuff interesting for everyone
and so on playing free reference for
the game will be in the description hello my
dear friends my name is sam and today
you will see the rarest moments in the new
fnaf parts in fnaf 4
let shall find 3000 likes you as I
such well done it is not rare though
moment but still it is worth turning
attention to the main menu we see a house with
two floors although on the second floor we
it seems never in a game not in
mini-games have not been
unless most likely it is sitting there
plushdark as the room is very similar
in the attic but why scott hides so
this place
It is very rare to hear sounds that
very similar to those that were published
sound box mongol
but even more interesting is that if
turn over
Sound recording
phone guy in the first part fnaf in
first night
and even more interesting is that it
the only conversation in the whole game where
mentioned about a bite 87
it is that the child still survived very
rarely appear near the bed
medications like pills and
droppers interesting what are they
appear just as quickly
suddenly disappears as that
pushes on the conclusion that these same
items are part of reality
which sometimes slips in mind
boy who is in a coma
which further hints that everything
the events of the game are imagination but nevertheless
this is not a dream and tacoma
in the mini game after the third night
If you click on the TV you can
see advertising pizzerias framedbirs
and friends in advertising can see pain not
fuck foxy freddy who most likely
at that time was still am Fredber
interesting date built pizzeria
1983 besides in the same mini game we
we meet children that one way or another
in a way remind us animatronics
for example, this girl plays with a collection
that animatronics
and this guy is very similar to the battle balloon
does the same guy hold his hands
plushtrap
A package that has already become fnaf chips
clicking on the nose of a teddy freesia we
hear the clown whistle in the baby's room
lots of pictures hanging and like i already
suggested at the very beginning of the game they
belong to scott cautona especially
it is good to consider it only on
the next two photos on
photos he is with children and
wife in a mini game after the first night
can go into the room with the broken
mangle that first hints at what
the brazier most likely broke not children and
brother of the bitten boy well and secondly
in the room is unreal many pink
that he is not a kaid on the fact that it was not
brother's room as I thought earlier rather
there lived a girl but girls
was in the plot of the game but only if
the girl was supposed to be a victim
bite write in the comments what are you
think about it
Well, on this I have everything if you have not
have seen my past videos then go for it
only some of them you see on
their screens on them in the description
and by annotation and subscribe to
My VKontakte group on my page in
contact
subscribe to this
wonderful channel and put your
big thumbs up is me very
will please all good dear